docs: update docs for sql review rules (#349)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/en/reference/error-code/advisor.md

### 601 - Table missing primary key

The table needs a primary key. Check [Require primary key](/docs/sql-review/review-rules/table-require-pk) for details.

### 602 - Table disallow foreign key

> The table disallow the foreign key. Check [Disallow foreign key](/docs/sql-review/review-rules/table-no-fk) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table disallows the foreign key. Check [Disallow foreign key](/docs/sql-review/review-rules/table-no-fk) for details.
```

### 603 - Table drop naming convention mismatch

> The table mismatch the naming convention for drop table operation. Check [Drop table naming convention](/docs/sql-review/review-rules/table-drop-naming) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table name mismatches with the naming convention for drop table operation. Check [Drop table naming convention](/docs/sql-review/review-rules/table-drop-naming) for details.
```
